Hello, you are with the origami, I am Ventsi Vassilev
In this tutorial I will show you how to make a simple Christmas star
Prepare a square piece of paper and scissors and let's start :)
First we fold the square sheet of paper halfway ahead
On the right side, fold and unfold from both corners so that we get a cross point
Take the lower left corner and place it on the intersection, then press the paper with your hand to get the folds.
Take the angle from the intersection point and bend symmetrically backwards
Take the bottom right corner and bend forward
We bend back
Take the scissors and cut the unnecessary part of the model
The star is almost ready, just to fix the folds
The star is ready, we can decorate the Christmas tree :)
If you were able to make the Christmas star, please leave a comment or like the video